add new file content/pandas/dataframe/apply/apply.md for .apply() entry. (#1826)
Codecademy/docs: content/pandas/dataframe/apply/apply.md

|    `args`  | tuple   | Positional arguments to pass to func in addition.    |
|  `**kwargs`  |     | Additional keyword arguments to pass as keywords arguments to func. |

## Example

In the following examples, the `.apply()` method is used with different parameters:

```py
import pandas as pd
import numpy as np

d = {'col 1' : [1,2,3,4], 'col 2' : [5,6,7,8], 'col 3' : [9,10,11,12], 'col 4' : [13,14,15,16]}

df = pd.DataFrame(data = d)

def calc_sum(x):
  return x.sum()

x = df.apply(calc_sum)
y = df.apply(calc_sum,axis = 0)
z = df.apply(calc_sum,axis = 1)
l = df.apply(np.sqrt)
m = df.apply(lambda x: pd.Series([0, 1, 2]), axis=1, result_type="expand")

print(df)

print(x)
print(type(x))

print(y)
print(type(y))

print(z)
print(type(z))

print(l)
print(type(l))

print(m)
print(type(m))
```

> Results are below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Results are below:
```
Line break after code block.

> ```shell

Reviewer: The output block should be the actual output of the example. You're still missing the result of the first `print(df)`

Author: sure. Agree with you. I will update it basing on your suggest and pull request again a afew hours later

---
Title: '.apply()'

> Description: 'The apply() method allows you to apply a function along one of the axis of the DataFrame.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'The apply() method allows you to apply a function along one axis of the DataFrame.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Data Structures'
  - 'Pandas'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/data-science'
---

> The apply() method allows you to apply a function along an axis of the DataFrame. Default 0, which is the index(row) axis. Objects passed to the function are Series objects whose index is either the DataFrame’s index (axis=0) or the DataFrame’s columns (axis=1). By default (result_type=None), the final return type is inferred from the return type of the applied function. Otherwise, it depends on the result_type argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The apply() method allows you to apply a function along an axis of the DataFrame. The default is axis 0, which is the index (row) axis. Objects passed to the function are Series objects whose index is either the DataFrame’s index (axis=0) or the DataFrame’s columns (axis=1). By default (`result_type`=None), the final return type is inferred from the return type of the applied function. Otherwise, it depends on the `result_type` argument.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
x = dataframevalue.apply(func, axis=0, raw=False, result_type=None, args=(), **kwargs)
```
- `dataframevalue` is the DataFrame with the source data.
- x means `return value`, a DataFrame or a Series object, with the changes.

> - This function does `NOT` make changes to the original DataFrame object. You can save its result to a varible, like `x` here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This function does `NOT` make changes to the original DataFrame object. The result is saved to a variable, like `x` here.
```

|   `axis`   | 0/1 or index/columns, Default 0| Axis , the function is applied along:  `0('index'）`: apply function to every column; `1('columns')`: apply function to every row. |
|   `raw`    | bool. Default False | Determines type of the object passed in function `'func'`: Series or ndarray. `False`, it passes each row or column as a Series object; `True`, it passes ndarray objects instead. This will achieve much better performance when applying a Numpy reduction function|
| `result_type` | {'broadcast','expand', 'reduce', , None}. Default None | These options only work when axis=1 :`'expand'`, list-like results will be converted into columns; `'reduce'`,the opposite of `'expand'`, returns a Series object if possible rather than a list-like results ; `'broadcast'`, results will have the original shape of the DataFrame data, also with same index and columns; `'None'`, The default behaviour.The return type depends on the return type of function.|
|    `args`  | tuple   | Positional arguments to func extraly |
|  `**kwargs`  |     |  keyword arguments to func in addtion. |

## Example

In the following examples, the `.apply()` method is used with different parameters:  

> 'y' is same with 'x'. So you can see the default vault of axis is '0'. 'z' is different with "y". so you can see how 'axis = 1' takes effects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

`x` and `y` apply the `calc_sum` function to `df` to calculate the sum of each column. `z` applies the `calc_sum` function to `df` to calculate the sum of each row. `l` applies the `np.sqrt` function to `df` to calculate the square root of each value. `m` applies a lambda function to create a new DataFrame with three column values.
```

import numpy as np

d = {'col 1' : [1,2,3,4], 'col 2' : [5,6,7,8], 'col 3' : [9,10,11,12], 'col 4' : [13,14,15,16]}

df = pd.DataFrame(data = d)

def calc_sum(x):
  return x.sum()

x = df.apply(calc_sum)
y = df.apply(calc_sum,axis = 0)
z = df.apply(calc_sum,axis = 1)
l = df.apply(np.sqrt)
m = df.apply(lambda x: pd.Series([0, 1, 2]), axis=1, result_type="expand")

print(df)

print(x)
print(type(x))

print(y)
print(type(y))

print(z)
print(type(z))

print(l)
print(type(l))

print(m)
print(type(m))
```
Results are below:

```shell

> 'x':

Author: Here is the output of print(df). I will add it
    col 1  col 2  col 3  col 4
0      1      5      9     13
1      2      6     10     14
2      3      7     11     15
3      4      8     12     16

col 1    10
col 2    26
col 3    42
col 4    58
dtype: int64

type of x: 
<class 'pandas.core.series.Series'>
So you can find it returns 'Series'.

'Y':
col 1    10
col 2    26
col 3    42
col 4    58
dtype: int64

type of y: 
<class 'pandas.core.series.Series'>
'y' is same with 'x'. So the default vault of axis is '0'.

'z':
0    28
1    32
2    36
3    40
dtype: int64

type of z:
<class 'pandas.core.series.Series'>

> 'z' is different with "y". so you can see how 'axis = 1' takes effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
See above note
